* Reports directory

This directory is specifically designed for reports that use a
markdown, r-markdown, book-down or any type of format usable by many.
Initially this directory will be comprised of basic markdown using R
for the generation of on trauma patients.  However, with minimal
changes to the code or the ICD lookup tables, these functions could be
used by any medical professional.

* Initial reports/sections

The reports will concentrate on trauma and broken down into the
following sections:


** Write the R markdown documents

*** TODO Section 1 Background etc.

This chapter will be used to familiarize with the basic of this
packages of functions and markdown file.  While the markdown file can
be used to generate reports at specified intervals, they can also be
used as a basis for further data analytic/modeling.  The use of EHR
data in machine learning may provide insights and allow for "unicorn",
or very rare, positive patient outcomes.  

Most trauma programs in the United States are required to maintain a
patient registry.  In addition, this data or a subset thereof is often
submitted to the National Trauma Data Base (NTDB) that is used for
national bench-marking of centers against large cohorts.  State and
local trauma registry data contains a range of information that can
be mined and mathematically modeled to maximize patient outcome while
attempting to minimize pre-hospital risk factors.

The use of already existing data collection points with minimal
extra-steps to make HIPAA compliant.  This cleaned or "tidy" data is
quickly ready for analysis is a starting point to impact the
disease(s) of traumatic injuries.

*** TODO Section 2 Loading the data

The goal of this chapter is to get the data obtained from EHR or
trauma registry into the R program for analysis.  First part will
include figuring out how the file was exported.  If it was exported as
a spreadsheet document the *.xls is the instructions you should
follow.  If the data was exported as comma separated values
(i.e. *.csv) then use this section.  

Making sure the data is loaded correctly and then cleaned for analysis
are the first steps to performing basic analysis.


**** TODO Loading data from trauma registry from *.xls

This is basic load command depending on the type of file provided and
the column names

**** TODO Loading data from trauma registry from *.csv

**** TODO Loading data from EHR from *.xls

**** TODO Loading data from EHR from *.csv

*** TODO Section 3 Looking at the data, basic summary tables and analysis

*** TODO Section 4 Basic graphic plotting YT the data

*** TODO Section 5 Geo-spatial analysis

*** TODO Section 6 Machine learning etc.

**** TODO Convert the LM 

     Convert the linear model from simplistic to by trauma group.

**** TODO ARIMA time series subsection

     Convert the current notebook code to a functional markdown
     document.

*** TODO Section 7 Pediatric Analysis

*** TODO Section 8 Burn Center  
